Split Test Driver From Definitions (#4829)
microsoft/FluidFramework: packages/test/test-driver-definitions/README.md

> # @fluidframework/test-driver-definitions

Reviewer: Can you type a sentence or two here?

# @fluidframework/test-driver-definitions

> Defintions for test drivers. Test should only take a dependency on these defintions, and not the implementations provide in the `@fluidframework/test-drivers` package. At runtime the environment should provide and implementation for the global getFluidTestDriver driver function, which tests can then use to access the implementation.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Definitions for test drivers. Test should only take a dependency on these definitions, and not the implementations provided in the `@fluidframework/test-drivers` package. At runtime the environment should provide an implementation for the global getFluidTestDriver driver function, which tests can then use to access the implementation.
```
